Dear Friend.

NOTIFICATION OF PAYMENT VIA ATM MASTER CARD

Due to your long over-due fund which you have been finding it difficult to receive via a Certified Bank Draft issued by the(mr.anthonymorison@hotmail.com) , We have arranged your payment through our International ATM CARD PAYMENT CENTRE in Europe, America, Africa and Asia Pacific, this is part of an instruction/mandate passed by the Senate in respect to overseas contract payment and debt re-scheduling.

atm code 101 We will send you an International Swift ATM CARD ( Master Card) which you are to use in accessing your fund via in any ATM MACHINE location any where in the world, and the maximum daily limit is Fifteen Thousand United States Dollars($15,000.00) valued sum at Two Million Five
hundred thousand United States Dollars {$2,500,000.00}. If you desire to receive your fund this way,

Kindly re-confirm your details so as to facilitate the immediate release of your ATM CARD immediately.

(1) Your Full Name :

(2) Full Residential Address :

(3) Direct and Current Phone :

(4) Nationalty :

(5) Present Country :

Please Note : As soon as your details have been received here by the SWIFTATM CARD CENTER, you are therefore advised to stop any further communications with all other bodies such as the Compensation and Finance House, Lottery Organisations etc ....

So as to facilitate the immediate release of your ATM Card and more so to avoid mis-appropriation of yourCard. Please be aware that you are the only person left to receive your ATM Card out of the three beneficiaries : For more information go to www.fedex.com and track this numbers.

They have already received their ATM CARD that was sent to them. http://fedex.com or fedex.com/tracking Tracking Numbers: 873445419632: 863524630603 Our ATM CODE of conduct is ( ATM 101 ) as this is to be your subject when responding to our email to prove that truly, you received our email and to differenciate our office from any fruadulent office who will be claiming to be us. We shall be expecting to receive your nformation as you
have to stop any further communication with anybody or office.

Thanks for your co-operation.

International ATM CARD PAYMENT CENTRE